h2. Kontur

h3. statement

Kontur is (C)opyright by 2008-2011 Hanns Holger. All rights reserved. It is released under the "GNU General Public License":http://github.com/Sciss/Kontur/blob/master/licenses/Kontur-License.txt . Kontur is a multitrack audio editor based on ScalaCollider. It provides programmatic (REPL) access to its session elements, allowing for algorithmic manipulation in the Scala programming language. Very much alpha state. No warranties, no liability whatsoever.

h3. requirements / installation

Compiles against Scala 2.8.1 and Java 1.6. You will need a SuperCollider 3.3.1+ installation. The repository contains a project file for Intellij IDEA 9 CE, and project files for sbt. Targets for sbt:

* @clean@
* @compile@
* @doc@
* @package@
* @standalone@
* @package-app@

The following dependancies will be downloaded by @sbt update@ into the @lib_managed@ folder:

* ScissLib
* ScissDSP
* JSyntaxPane
* MRJAdapter
* Prefuse

If git chokes on downloading ScissLib or ScissDSP from github (which happens), you can make them available this way:

pre. $ curl http://github.com/downloads/Sciss/ScissDSP/ScissDSP-0.10.jar >/tmp/scissdsp.jar
$ mkdir -p ~/.ivy2/local/de.sciss/scissdsp/0.10/jars
$ mv /tmp/scissdsp.jar ~/.ivy2/local/de.sciss/scissdsp/0.10/jars/
$ curl http://github.com/downloads/Sciss/Kontur/ScissLib-0.12.jar >/tmp/scisslib.jar
$ mkdir -p ~/.ivy2/local/de.sciss/scisslib/0.12/jars
$ mv /tmp/scisslib.jar ~/.ivy2/local/de.sciss/scisslib/0.12/jars/

Furthermore, you need the following libraries (and their respective dependancies):

* "ScalaCollider-Swing":http://github.com/Sciss/ScalaColliderSwing

You can install them by cloning their git repositories and building each with @sbt publish-local@.

After a fresh install, run @sbt update@ on Kontur before compiling. @sbt package-app@ will update the OS X application bundle, @sbt standalone@ creates a self-contained double-clickable jar:

pre. $ sbt standalone
$ java -jar Kontur-full.jar 

h3. todo

SonogramOverview should be replaced by the separate library now.

h3. download

The current version can be downloaded from "github.com/Sciss/Kontur":http://github.com/Sciss/Kontur

